From: <dmca@idsa.com>
To: <XXXXXXX>
Sent: Thursday, March 13, 2003 4:35 PM
Subject: Demand for Immediate Take Down - Notice of Infringing Activity -
Reference#: 1005496


Interactive Digital Software Association
1211 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
Washington, DC 20036 USA

Attention:  Piracy Enforcement – DMCA Officer
Telephone:  202-223-2400
Fax:  202-223-2401
E-mail:  dmca@idsa.com

Thursday, March 13, 2003

Dear XXXXXXX,

I am an authorized representative of the Interactive Digital Software
Association (“IDSA”), which represents the intellectual property interests
of over thirty companies that publish interactive games for video game
consoles, personal computers, handheld devices and the Internet.

IDSA is providing this letter of notification pursuant to the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act and 17 USC § 512 (c) to make NetTransactions, LLC
aware of material on its network or system that infringes the exclusive
copyright rights of one or more IDSA members.  This notice is addressed to
you as the agent designated by NetTransactions, LLC to receive notifications
of claimed infringement, as so reflected in the current records of the U.S.
Copyright Office.  Under penalty of perjury, we hereby affirm that the IDSA
is authorized to act on behalf of the IDSA members whose exclusive copyright
rights we believe to be infringed as described herein.

IDSA has a good faith belief that the Internet site found at
http://digita.mame.net/ infringes the rights of one or more IDSA members by
offering for download one or more unauthorized copies of one or more game
products protected by copyright, including, but not limited to:

Pac Man

The unauthorized copies of such game product[s] appearing on, or made
available through, such site are listed and/or identified on such Internet
site by their titles, variations thereof or depictions of associated artwork
(any such game titles, copies, listings and/or other depictions of, or
references to, any contents of such game product, are hereinafter referred
to as “Infringing Material”).  Based on the information at its disposal on
3/10/2003 5:12:35 PM GMT, IDSA believes that the statements in this notice
are accurate and correctly describe the infringing nature and status of the
Infringing Material.

Accordingly, IDSA hereby requests NetTransactions, LLC to immediately remove
or disable access to the Infringing Material at the URL address identified
above.

Should you have questions, please contact the IDSA at the above listed
mailing address or by replying to this email.  Please also include the above
noted Reference Number in the subject line of all email correspondence.

We thank you for your cooperation in this matter.  Your prompt response is
appreciated.

Regards,

Robert L. Hunter, IV
Interactive Digital Software Association

Note:  The information transmitted in this Notice is intended only for the
person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential
and/or privileged material.  Any review, reproduction, retransmission,
dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon,
this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is
prohibited.  If you received this in error, please contact the sender and
delete the material from all computers.

 